---
layout: equipment_en
show_meta: false
title: "Publications"
subheadline: "NAIST Robotics Laboratory"
header:
   image_fullwidth: press.jpg
permalink: "/Research/publication/2000-j_en/"
---

## 2000
___

#### Journals
- Akira Nakamura, Tsukasa Ogasawara, Kosei Kitagaki, Takashi Suehiro: "Simplified Geometric Models in Planning of Skill-Based Manipulation," Proc. of The Sixth Int. Symp. on Artificial Life and Robotics (AROB 6th '01), pp.466-469, 2001.1.

- K.Terada, T.Nakamura, H. Takeda and T. Ogasawara, "Embodiment based Object Recognition for Vision-Based Mobile Agents", Journal of Robotics and Mechatoronics, (to appear) 2000.

- Kazunori TERADA, Takayuki NAKAMURA, Hideaki TAKEDA and Toyoaki NISHIDA¡§¡ÈA Congnitive Robot Architecture Based on Tactile and Visual Information,¡ÉAdvanced Robotics, Vol.13, No.8, pp.767-777, 2000.




#### Conferences
- Yoshio Matsumoto, Masayuki Inaba, Hirochika Inoue, "View-Based Approach to Robot Navigation", Proceedings of 2000 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS'2000), F-MI-6-3, pp.1702-1708, Takamatsu, Japan, Nov1st-3rd, 2000.

- Yoshio Matsumoto, Masayuki Inaba, Hirochika Inoue, "Exploration and Navigation in Corridor Environment Based on Omni-View Sequence", Proceedings of 2000 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems(IROS'2000), T-AIII-6-4, pp.1505-1510, Takamatsu, Japan, Nov 1st-3rd, 2000.

- Yoshio Matsumoto, Tsukasa Ogasawara, Alexander Zelinsky: "Behavior Recognition Based on Head Pose and Gaze Direction Measurement", Proceedings of 2000 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS'2000), F-AIII-1-2, pp.2127-2132, Takamatsu, Japan, Nov 1st-3rd, 2000.

- T. Nakamura, A. Ebina, T. Ogasawara and H. Ishiguro, "Real-time Estimating Spatial Configuration between Multiple Robots by Triangle and Enumeration Constraints", Proc. of 2000 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS'2000), F-AII-6-1, pp.2048-2054, 2000.11.

- Kazunori Terada, Takayuki Nakamura, Hideaki Terada, Tsukasa Ogasawara: "Towards Cognitive Agents: Embodiement based Object Recognition for Vision-Based Mobile Agents," Prof. of 2000 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS'2000), F-AII-6-4, pp.2067-2072, 2000.11.

- M.Tada, M.Imai and T.Ogasawara : "Development of Simultaneous Measurement SYstem of Incipient Slip and Grip/Load Force," Proc. of IEEE International Workshop on Robot and Human Interaction (ROMAN2000), pp.57-62, 2000.

- M.Tada, M.Imai and T.Ogasawara: "Simultaneous Measurement System of Incipient Slip and Glip/Load Force -Toward Dexterous Manipulations using Robot Hand Covered with Elastic Sensors-," Proc. of IERR-RAS International Conference on Humanoid Robots, pp.???-???, 2000.

- M. Takeda, T. Nakamura, M. Imai, T. Ogasawara and M. Asada, Enhanced Continuous Valued Q-learning for Real Autonomous Robots, Proc. of Int. Conf. of The Society for Adaptive Behavior 2000, pp. 195-202, 2000. 9

- T. Nakamura, A. Ebina, T. Ogasawara and H. Ishiguro, Real-time Estimating Spatial Configuration between Multiple Robots by Triangle and Enumeration Constraints, Proc. of RoboCup-2000 Workshop, pp. 22-31, 2000.8



#### Technical Report


### Books



### Awards





### Dissertations

#### Doctor
- Kazunori TERADA: "Development of Methds for Acquiring Internal Representation for Vision based Agents by Tactile Information".

- Jun MORIMOTO: "Hierarchical Decomposition and Min-max Strategy for Fast and Robust Reinforcement Learning in the Real Environment".



 








#### Master
