---
layout: equipment_en
show_meta: false
title: "Publications"
subheadline: "NAIST Robotics Laboratory"
header:
   image_fullwidth: press.jpg
permalink: "/Research/publication/2001-j_en/"
---

## 2001
___

#### Journals



#### Conferences
- Mitsunori Tada, Tomohiro Shibata and Tsukasa Ogasawara. ``Proposition and Investigation of the Grip Force Control Hypothesis based on the Stick Ratio of a Fingertip Contact Interface --Toward Dextrous Manipulations with Humanoid Robots--'', In Proceedings of IEEE-RAS International Conference on Humanoid Robots (Humanoids2001), pp.149-155, 2001.11.

- M. Takeda, T. Nakamura, T. Ogasawara and M. Asada, "Continuous Valued Q-learning Method Able to Incrementally Refine State Space," Proceedings of 2001 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems(IROS'2001), pp.265-271, 2001.11.

- Etsuko Ueda, Yoshio Matsumoto, Masakazu Imai, Tsukasa Ogasawara, "Hand Pose Estimation Using Multi-Viewpoint Silhouette Images" , Proceedings of 2001 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS'2001), pp.1989-1996, Maui, USA, Oct 29-Nov 03, 2001.

- Hiroshi Takemura, Yoshio Matsumoto, Tsukasa Ogasawara, "Dynamic walking of an autonomous quadruped robot based on rhythm generation" , Proceedings of 4th Int. Conf. on Climbing and Walking Robots (CLAWAR 2001), pp.727-734, Sep, 2001.

- Etsuko Ueda, Yoshio Matsumoto, Masakazu Imai, Tsukasa Ogasawara, "Hand Pose Estimation for Vision Based Human Interface" , Proceedings of 10th IEEE Int. Workshop on Robot and Human Commnunication (ROMAN 2001), Bordeaux-Paris, France, 473-478, Sep, 2001.

- Yoshio Matsumoto, Tomoyuki Ino, Tsukasa Ogasawara, "Development of Intelligent Wheelchair System with Face and Gaze Based Interface" , Proceedings of 10th IEEE Int. Workshop on RObot and Human Communication (ROMAN 2001), Bordeaux-Paris, France, 262-267, Sep, 2001.




#### Technical Report


### Books



### Awards





### Dissertations

#### Doctor
- Mitsunori TADA: "Proposition and Investigation of the Touch Processing Model in Human Grasping based on the Stick Ratio within a Fingertip".



 








#### Master
