---
layout: equipment_en
show_meta: false
title: "Publications"
subheadline: "NAIST Robotics Laboratory"
header:
   image_fullwidth: press.jpg
permalink: "/Research/publication/2002-j_en/"
---

## 2002
___

#### Journals



#### Conferences
- Ryuichi Nishimura, Takashi Uchida, Akinobu Lee, Hiroshi Saruwatari, Kiyohiro Shikano and Yoshio Matsumoto: "ASKA: Receptionist Robot System with Speech Dialogue System", Proc. of 2002 IEEE/RSJ Int. Conf. on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS'02), pp.1314-1319, 2002.

- Masanao Koeda, Yoshio Matsumoto, Tsukasa Ogasawara, "Development of an Immersive Teleoperating System for Unmanned Helicopter, "IAPR Workshop on Machine Vision Applications, pp.220-223, Nara, 2002.12.

- Etsuko Ueda, Hirotaka Kodama, Yoshio Matsumoto, Tsukasa Ogasawara, "Non-contact Virtual Clay Modeling Interface using Multi-viewpoint Images", IAPR Workshop on Machine Vision Applications, pp.56-59, 2002.12.

- Yuichi Kurita, Mitsunori Tada, Yoshio Matsumoto, Tsukasa Ogasawara, "Simultaneous Measurement of the Grip/Load Force and the Finger EMG :Effects of the Object Weight", Proceedings of IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics (SMC2002), TP1B6, Tunisia , 2002.10.

- Mitsunori Tada, Tomohiro Shibata and Tsukasa Ogasawara, "Investigation of the Touch Processing Model in Human Grasping basedon the Stick Ratio within a Fingertip Contact Interface, " In Proceedings of IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics (SMC2002), tp1n4.pdf, 2002.10.

- H.Takemura, J.Ueda, Y.Matsumoto, T.Ogasawara: "A Study of a Gait Generation of a Quadruped Robot Based on Rhythmic Control - Optimizatiion of CPG Parameters by a Fast Dynamics Simulation Environment," Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Climbing and Walking Robots (CLAWAR 2002), pp.759-766, Paris, 2002.9.

- Yuichi Kurita, Mitsunori Tada, Yoshio Matsumoto, Tsukasa Ogasawara, "Simultaneous Measurement of the Grip/Load Force and the Finger EMG :Effects of the Grasping Condition", Proceedings of the 2002 IEEE Int. Workshop on Robot and Human Interactive Communication (ROMAN2002) , pp.217-222, Berlin, 2002.9.

- Masanao Koeda, Yoshio Matsumoto, Tsukasa Ogasawara, "Development of an Immersive Teleoperating System for Unmanned Helicopter, Proceedings of the 2002 IEEE Int. Workshop on Robot and Human Interactive Communication (ROMAN2002) , pp.47-52, Berlin, 2002.9.

- Jun'ichi Ido, Kentaro Takemura, Yoshio Matsumoto and Tsukasa Ogasawara, "Robotic Receptionist ASKA : A Research Platform for Human-Robot Interaction", Proceedings of the 2002 IEEE Int. Workshop on Robot and Human Interactive Communication (ROMAN2002) , pp.306-311, Berlin, 2002.9.

- Mitsunori Tada, Shinsuke Sasaki and Tsukasa Ogasawara", Development of an Optical 2-axis Force Sensor Usable in MRI Environments", In Proceedings of IEEE Sensors 2002 (Sensors2002), 67.4, 2002.6.

- Jun Ueda, Tsuneo Yoshikawa, "Robust Arm Configuration of Manipulator Mounted on Flexible Base", Proceedings of the 2002 IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation, pp.1321-1326, 2002.5.


#### Technical Report


### Books



### Awards





### Dissertations

#### Doctor


 








#### Master
