---
layout: equipment_en
show_meta: false
title: "Publications"
subheadline: "NAIST Robotics Laboratory"
header:
   image_fullwidth: press.jpg
permalink: "/Research/publication/2007-j_en/"
---

## 2007
___

#### Journals
- Yuichi Kurita, Roland Kempf, Yoshichika Iida, Jumpei Okude,Makoto Kaneko, Hiromu K Mishima, Hidetoshi Tsukamoto, Eiichiro Sugimoto, Seiki Katakura, Ken Kobayashi, and Yoshiaki Kiuchi, "Contact Based Stiffness Sensing of Human Eye," IEEE Transactions on Biomedical Engineering, Vol.55, No.2, pp.739-745, 2008.2

- Masahiro Kondo, Jun Ueda, Tsukasa Ogasawara, "Recognition of In-Hand Manipulation using Contact State Transition for Multifingered Robot Hand Control", Journal of Robotics and Autonomous Systems, Volume 56, Issue 1, pp. 66--81, January 31, 2008.

- Jun Ueda, Lael Odhner, H. Harry Asada, "Broadcast Feedback of Stochastic Cellular Actuators Inspired by Biological Muscle Control," The International Journal of Robotics Research, Volume 26, Issue 11-12, pp. 1251-1265, November-December, 2007.








#### Conferences
- Yuichi Kurita, Roland Kempf, Yoshichika Iida, Jumpei Okude,Makoto Kaneko, Hiromu K Mishima, Hidetoshi Tsukamoto, Eiichiro Sugimoto, Seiki Katakura, Ken Kobayashi, and Yoshiaki Kiuchi, "Contact Based Stiffness Sensing of Human Eye," IEEE Transactions on Biomedical Engineering, Vol.55, No.2, pp.739-745, 2008.2

- Masahiro Kondo, Jun Ueda, Tsukasa Ogasawara, "Recognition of In-Hand Manipulation by Observing Contact State Transition for Robot Hand Control", 13th International Symposium of Robotics Research (ISRR 2007).

- Ming Ding, Jun Ueda, Tsukasa Ogasawara, "Development of MAS - a system for pin-pointed muscle force control using a power-assisting device", Proceddings of the 2007 IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Biomimetics (Robio2007), December 15-18, 2007, Sanya, China

- Jun Ueda, Thomas Secord, and H. Harry Asada, "Design of PZT Cellular Actuators with Power-law Strain Amplification", IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS2007)

- Yujin Wakita, Kazuyuki Nagata and Tsukasa Ogasawara, "Picking Instruction with Task Model for a Robot in a Daily life Environment ," Proceedings of the IEEE Int. Symposium on Robot and Human Interactive Communication (RO-MAN 2007), Jeju, Korea, Aug. 2007.

- Yuichi Kurita, Yoshichika Iida, Makoto Kaneko, Hiromu K Mishima, Seiki Katakura, and Yoshiaki Kiuchi, "Simultaneous Measurement of Eye Stiffness and Contact Area for Living Human Eyes," 2007 IEEE Engineering In Medicine and Biology Annual Conference (IEEE EMBC 2007), pp.2779-2782, Lyon, France, Aug 2007

- Jun Ueda, Lael Odhner, and H. Harry Asada, "Broadcast Feedback of Large-Scale, Distributed Stochastic Control Systems Inspired by Biological Muscle Control", Proceedings of the 2007 American Control Conference

- Tsuyoshi Suenaga, Yoshio Matsumoto, Tsukasa Ogasawara: "Development and Evaluation of a Non-Contact 3D Display Based on Motion Parallax", Proceedings of 12th International Conference on Human-Computer-Interaction international 2007 (HCII2007), pp494-498, 2007.7

- Kentaro Takemura, Yoshio Matsumoto and Tsukasa Ogasawara: "Target Selection for Controlling Home Appliances Based on Gaze Measurement Technology", Proceedings of 12th International Conference on Human-Computer-Interaction international 2007 (HCII2007) pp.504-508, 2007.7

- Jun Ueda, Ming Ding, Masayuki Matsugashita, Reishi Oya, Tsukasa Ogasawara, "Pinpointed control of muscles by using power-assisting device", Proceedings of the 2007 IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation (ICRA 2007), pp. 3821-3828, Roma, Italy, April, 2007.

- Jun Ueda, Lael Odhner, and H. Harry Asada, "Broadcast Feedback for Stochastic Cellular Actuator Systems Consisting of Nonuniform Actuator Units", Proceedings of the 2007 IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation (ICRA 2007), pp. 642-647,Roma, Italy, April, 2007.

- Lael Odhner, Jun Ueda, Harry Asada, "Stochastic Optimal Control Laws for Cellular Artificial Muscles", Proceedings of the 2007 IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation (ICRA 2007), pp. 1554-1559, Roma, Italy, April, 2007.

- Yuichi Kurita, Yoshichika Iida, Roland Kempf, Makoto Kaneko, Hidetoshi Tsukamoto, Eiichiro Sugimoto, Seiki Katakura, and Hiromu K Mishima, "Contact Probe Based Stiffness Sensing of Human Eye by Considring Contact Area," In Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation (ICRA 2007), pp.1906-1911, Roma, Italy, April 10-14, 2007


#### Technical Report


### Books
- Jun Ueda, Kenji Shirae, Shingo Oda, Tsukasa Ogasawara, "Momentum Compensation for the Fast Dynamic Walk of Humanoids based on the Pelvic Rotation of Contact Sport Athletes", Humanoid Robots: Human-like Machies, Matthias Hackel Eds, ISBN: 978-3-902613-07-3, Chapter 15, pp.245-262, 2007, I-Tech Education and Publishing

- Jun Ueda, Masayuki Matsugashita, Reishi Oya, and Tsukasa Ogasawara, "Control of Muscle Force During Exercise Using a Musculoskeletal-Exoskeletal Integrated Human Model," Experimental Robotics, The 10th International Symposium on Experimental Robotics, Springer Tracts in Advanced Robotics, ISBN:978-3-540-77456-3,pp. 143-152, Volume 39, 2008.

- Lael Odhner, Jun Ueda, Harry Asada, "Force feedback of Stochastic Cellular Actuators," Experimental Robotics, The 10th International Symposium on Experimental Robotics, Springer Tracts in Advanced Robotics, ISBN:978-3-540-77456-3,pp. 481-490, Volume 39, 2008.



### Awards





### Dissertations

#### Doctor
- Tsuyoshi Suenaga, Development and Evaluation of 3D Display Based on Motion Parallax Using Viewpoint Measurement

 








#### Master
