---
layout: equipment_en
show_meta: false
title: "Publications"
subheadline: "NAIST Robotics Laboratory"
header:
   image_fullwidth: press.jpg
permalink: "/Research/publication/2011-j_en/"
---

## 2011
___

#### Journals
- Tsuyoshi Suenaga, Kentaro Takemura, Jun Takamatsu, and Tsukasa Ogasawara, "Data Communication Support for Reusability of RT-Components - Converter Classification and Prototype Supporting Tool -," Journal of Robotics and Mechatronics, Vol.24, No.1, pp. 64-70, 2012.






#### Conferences
- Gustavo Alfonso Garcia Ricardez, Satoki Tsuichihara, Atsutoshi Ikeda, Akihiko Yamaguchi, Jun Takamatsu, and Tsukasa Ogasawara, "RT Component for analyzing a motion script to implement a service using the Humanoid Robot HRP-4," in Proceedings of the 12th SICE System Integration Division Annual Conference (SI2011), Kyoto, Japan, Dec., 2011.

- Kent Fujiwara, Ko Nishino, Jun Takamatsu, Bo Zheng, and Katsushi Ikeuchi, "Locally Rigid Globally Non-rigid Surface Registration," in Proceedings of 13th International Conference on Computer Vision (ICCV2011), Nov., 2011.

- Yuichi Kurita, Atsutoshi Ikeda, Tadashi Matsumoto, and Tsukasa Ogasawara, "Evaluation of Grasp Efficiency based on Muscle Activity Estimation by Anthropomorphic Robot Fingers," 2011 International Symposium on Micro-NanoMechatronics and Human Science (MHS2011) pp.466-468, Nov. 2011

- Akihiko Yamaguchi, Jun Takamatsu, and Tsukasa Ogasawara: Learning Strategy Fusion to Acquire Dynamic Motion, in Proceedings of the 11th IEEE-RAS International Conference on Humanoid Robots (Humanoids2011), pp.247-254, Bled, Slovenia, Oct., 2011.

- Min Lu, Mawo Kamakura, Bo Zheng, Jun Takamatsu, Ko Nishino, and Katsushi Ikeuchi, "Clustering Bayon Face Towers Using Restored 3D Shape Models," in Proceedings of the International Conference on Culture and Computing, pp. 39-44, Oct., 2011.

- K. Takemura, A. Ito, J.Takamatsu, and T. Ogasawara, "Active Bone-Conducted Sound Sensing for Wearable Interfaces," Proc. of the 24th ACM Symposium on User Interface Software and Technology(UIST2011), pp.53-54, Oct., 2011.

- Yuichi Kurita, Satoshi Yonezawa, Atsutoshi Ikeda, Tsukasa Ogasawara, "Weight and Friction Display Device by Controlling the Slip Condition of a Fingertip," IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS2011), pp2127 - 2132, Sep. 2011

- Emarc Magtanong, Akihiko Yamaguchi, Kentaro Takemura, Jun Takamatsu, and Tsukasa Ogasawara, "Inverse Kinematics Solver for an Android Face using Neural Network," in Proceedings of the 29th Annual Conference of the Robotics Society of Japan (RSJ2011), 1Q3-1, Tokyo, Sep., 2011.

- Shangbin Shu, Bjoern Rennhak, Yoshihiro Sato, Shunsuke Kudoh, Jun Takamatsu, and Katsushi Ikeuchi, "Virtual Link for Manipulation Planning of Two Rope Knots," Proceedings of the 29th Annual Conference of the Robotics Society of Japan, 1Q1-3, Sep., 2011.

- Akihiko Yamaguchi, Jun Takamatsu, and Tsukasa Ogasawara, "Utilizing Dynamics and Reward Models in Learning Strategy Fusion", in Proceedings of the 2011 JSME Conference on Robotics and Mechatronics (ROBOMEC'11), 1A1-O03, Okayama, Japan, May, 2011.

- S. Asano, T. Suenaga, K. Takemura, Y. Matsumoto, J. Takamatsu, and T. Ogasawara, "6-DOF Head Pose Estimation in Wider Range and Space by Integrating Multi-Camera Observation", ICRA 2011 Workshop on Measuring and Understanding Human Movements and Emotions, May, 2011.

- Yutaka Kondo, Masato Kawamura, Kentaro Takemura, Jun Takamatsu and Tsukasa Ogasawara. "Gaze Motion Planning for Android Robot." In Proceedings of The 6th ACM/IEEE International Conference on Human Robot Interaction. pp. 171-178. Lausanne, Switzerland, Mar., 2011.


#### Technical Report


### Books



### Awards





### Dissertations

#### Doctor





#### Master
