---
layout: equipment_en
show_meta: false
title: "Publications"
subheadline: "NAIST Robotics Laboratory"
header:
   image_fullwidth: press.jpg
permalink: "/Research/publication/2013-j_en/"
---

## 2013
___

#### Journals





#### Conferences
- Gustavo Alfonso Garcia Ricardez, Akihiko Yamaguchi, Jun Takamatsu, and Tsukasa Ogasawara, "Efficiency Evaluation of Asymmetric Velocity Moderation based on Task Completion Time," in proceedings of the 2013 JSME Conference on Robotics and Mechatronics (ROBOMEC 2013), 2A2-I10, Tsukuba, Japan, May 22-25, 2013.

- Phongtharin Vinayavekhin, Shunsuke Kudoh, Jun Takamatsu, Yoshihiro Sato and Katsushi Ikeuchi, "Representation and Mapping of Dexterous Manipulation through Task Primitives", Proc. of IEEE Int. Conf. on Robotics and Automation, 2013.

- Gustavo Alfonso Garcia Ricardez, Phawat Lertariyasakchai, Akihiko Yamaguchi, Jun Takamatsu, and Tsukasa Ogasawara, "Kinematic Analysis for the Development of Human-Safe Robot Behavior using a Sensor Suit," in Proc. of the 31st Annual Conf. of the Robotics Society of Japan (RSJ 2013), 1J3-01, Tokyo, Japan, September 4-6, 2013.

- Gustavo Alfonso Garcia Ricardez, Akihiko Yamaguchi, Jun Takamatsu, and Tsukasa Ogasawara: "Withdrawal Strategy for Human Safety based on a Virtual Force Model," in Proc. of the 2013 IEEE/RSJ Int. Conf. on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS 2013), Tokyo, Japan, November 3-7, 2013, pp.1119-1124.

- Gustavo Alfonso Garcia Ricardez, Akihiko Yamaguchi, Jun Takamatsu, and Tsukasa Ogasawara: "Extended Asymmetric Velocity Moderation: a Reactive Strategy for Human-Safe Robot Control," in Proc. of the 2013 IEEE Conf. on Robotics and Biomimetics (ROBIO 2013), Shenzhen, China, December 12-14, 2013, pp. 450-455.



#### Technical Report


### Books



### Awards





### Dissertations

#### Doctor





#### Master
