---
layout: equipment_en
show_meta: false
title: "Publications"
subheadline: "NAIST Robotics Laboratory"
header:
   image_fullwidth: press.jpg
permalink: "/Research/publication/2014-j_en/"
---

## 2014
___

#### Journals





#### Conferences
- Gustavo Alfonso Garcia Ricardez, Akihiko Yamaguchi, Jun Takamatsu, and Tsukasa Ogasawara, "Improving the Trajectory Scaling Computation of Asymmetric Velocity Moderation," in Proc. of the 32nd Annual Conference of the Robotics Society of Japan (RSJ 2014), 2E2-04, Fukuoka, Japan, September 4-6, 2014.

- Yuki Kawana, Gustavo Alfonso Garcia Ricardez, Hiroto Mukoyama, Jun Takamatsu, and Tsukasa Ogasawara, "OpenRTM Component for AR.Drone Embedded System," in Proc. of the 15th SICE System Integration Division Annual Conf. (SI2014), Tokyo, Japan, December 14-17, 2014.

- Gustavo Alfonso Garcia Ricardez, Akihiko Yamaguchi, Jun Takamatsu, and Tsukasa Ogasawara: "Human Safety and Efficiency of a Robot Controlled by Asymmetric Velocity Moderation," in Proc. of the 10th ACM/IEEE Int. Conf. on Human-Robot Interaction Extended Abstracts (HRI 2015), Portland, USA, March 2-5, 2015, pp. 183-184.





#### Technical Report


### Books



### Awards
- Yuki Kawana, Gustavo Alfonso Garcia Ricardez, Hiroto Mukoyama, Jun Takamatsu, and Tsukasa Ogasawara, "Embedded System Technology Association" Prize, in the RT-Middleware Contest 2014, Tokyo, Japan, December 14-17, 2014.

- Yuki Kawana, Gustavo Alfonso Garcia Ricardez, Hiroto Mukoyama, Jun Takamatsu, and Tsukasa Ogasawara, "Convenient Tool" Prize, in the RT-Middleware Contest 2014, Tokyo, Japan, December 14-17, 2014.

- Yuki Kawana, Gustavo Alfonso Garcia Ricardez, Hiroto Mukoyama, Jun Takamatsu, and Tsukasa Ogasawara, "Best Presentation" Prize, in the RT-Middleware Contest 2014, Tokyo, Japan, December 14-17, 2014.





### Dissertations

#### Doctor





#### Master
