---
layout: equipment_en
show_meta: false
title: "Publications"
subheadline: "NAIST Robotics Laboratory"
header:
   image_fullwidth: press.jpg
permalink: "/Research/publication/2016-j_en/"
---

## 2017
___

#### Journals
- Felix von Drigalski, Atsutoshi Ikeda, Tsukasa Ogasawara, & Tamim Asfour, A measurement setup for the 3D validation of fingertip deformation models. International Journal of Human Factors Modelling and Simulation, Vol. 5, No. 3, pp. 230, 2016[Link]

- Ming Ding, Takamitsu Matsubara, Yoshihito Funaki, Ryojun Ikeura, Toshiharu Mukai and Tsukasa Ogasawara, “Generation of Comfortable Lifting Motion for a Human Transfer Assistant Robot,” International Journal of Intelligent Robotics and Applications, doi:10.1007/s41315-016-0009-z, pp. 1-12, 2017. [Link]

- Lotfi El Hafi, Ming Ding, Jun Takamatsu, and Tsukasa Ogasawara, “Gaze Tracking Using Corneal Images Captured by a Single High-Sensitivity Camera,” in The Best of IET and IBC 2016-2017, vol. 8, pp. 19-24, September 2016. [Link]


#### Conferences
- Daisuke Kakuma, Satoki Tsuichihara, Gustavo Alfonso Garcia Ricardez, Jun Takamatsu, and Tsukasa Ogasawara, ¡ÈAlignment of Occupancy Grid and Floor Maps using Graph Matching¡É, in Proc. of the 11th International Conference on Semantic Computing, pp. 57-60, 2017.

- Gustavo Alfonso Garcia Ricardez, Jun Takamatsu, and Tsukasa Ogasawara: "Comparison of Human Safety Metrics based on Safety, Efficiency and Comfort Criteria," in Proc. of the 12th ACM/IEEE International Conference on Human-Robot Interaction Extended Abstracts (HRI 2017), Vienna, Austria, March 6-9, 2017, pp. 121-122.

- Ahmed Asker, Samy F. M. Assal, Ming Ding, Jun Takamatsu, Tsukasa Ogasawara and Abdelfatah Mohamed, "Experimental Validation of a Motion Generation Model for Natural Robotics-Based Sit to Stand Assistance and Rehabilitation,¡É Proceedings of the 2016 IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Biomimetics (Robio2016), Qingdao, China, pp. 214-219, December 3-7, 2016.

- Satoki Tsuichihara, Yuya Hakamata, Gustavo Alfonso Garcia Ricardez, Jun Takamatsu, and Tsukasa Ogasawara, “Accelerating Whole-body Motion Generation Using Regression of the Torso Posture of a Humanoid Robot,” Proceedings of the 16th IEEE-RAS International Conference on Humanoid Robots (Humanoids 2016), pp.16-21, 2016.

- Yuya Hakamata, Satoki Tsuichihara, Jun Takamatsu, and Tsukasa Ogasawara, “Whole Body Motion Generation of Humanoid Robot using a Predicted Reaction Force,” Proceedings of the 16th IEEE-RAS International Conference on Humanoid Robots (Humanoids 2016), pp.95-100, 2016.

- Lotfi El Hafi, Ming Ding, Jun Takamatsu, and Tsukasa Ogasawara, “Gaze Tracking Using Corneal Images Captured by a Single High-Sensitivity Camera,” Proceedings of 2016 International Broadcasting Convention (IBC 2016), Amsterdam (NL), September 2016. [Link]

- Jun Takamatsu, Satoki Tsuichihara, Yuya Hakamata, and Tsukasa Ogasawara, “Achieving Real-Time Humanoid Motion Generation and Natural Speed Pushing/Pulling Motion using Experiences,” Korea-Japan Workshop on Robotics and Information Technology for Better Quality of Life, 2016.

- Sung-Gwi Cho, Masahiro Yoshikawa, Kohei Baba, Kazunori Ogawa, Jun Takamatsu, and Tsukasa Ogasawara, “Hand Motion Recognition Based on Forearm Deformation Measured with A Distance Sensor Array,” Proceedings of 38th Annual International Conference of the IEEE Engineering in Medicine & Biology Society (EMBC 2016), pp. 4955-4958, 2016.

- Takamitsu Matsubara, Yoshihito Funaki, Ming Ding, Tsukasa Ogasawara, and Kenji Sugimoto, “Data-Efficient Human Training of a Care Motion Controller for Human Transfer Assistant Robots using Bayesian Optimization,” 6th IEEE RAS/EMBS International Conference on Biomedical Robotics and Biomechatronics (BioRob), pp. 1201-1206, Singapore, Jun. 26-29, 2016.




#### Technical Report


### Books
- Gustavo Alfonso Garcia Ricardez, Akihiko Yamaguchi, Jun Takamatsu, and Tsukasa Ogasawara: "Human Safety Index based on Impact Severity and Human Behavior Estimation," in Mechatronics and Robotics Engineering for Advanced and Intelligent Manufacturing, 1st ed, Switzerland, Springer, 2016, ch. 14, pp. 177-190.


### Awards
- Felix von Drigalski, Lotfi El Hafi, Pedro Miguel Uriguen Eljuri, Gustavo Alfonso Garcia Ricardez: 1st place at the Airbus Shopfloor Challenge, ICRA 2016, Stockholm, Sweden, May 16-21, 2016.



### Dissertations

#### Doctor


#### Master
- Akishige Yuguchi, Gaze Calibration and Generation for an Android to Make Eye Contact with a Human

- Atsushi Ito, Development of a Wearable Device to Record Hand Motion in Daily Life

- Daisuke Kakuma, Alignment of Occupancy Grid and Floor Maps using Graph Matching

- Ryota Matsura, Extraction of Eating Scenes to Support the Review of Eating Habits

- Ryuzo Baba, Estimation of hand operating force based on human motion measurement

- Shoki Kanda, Development of a Cosmetic Prosthetic Hand with Passive Grasping and a Wrist Rotator

- Sung-Gwi Cho, Hand Motion Recognition Based on Forearm Deformation Measured with a Distance sensor array

- Takumi Fujiyama, Development of an Electric Prosthetic Finger with a Built-In Actuator Using 3D Printing

- Tetsuya Onaka, Cloth Buttoning Motion Generation of Dual Arm Robot Using Force Data and Special Tool

- Tomoyuki Taguchi, Road Surface Estimation with Stereoscopic Vision

- Yosuke Osaki, Model-free Operation of Appliances by a Service Robot using Convolutional Neural Networks

- Yukiya Fukui, Development of a Control Platform for Indoor Flight of Multicopters